Format-Specification: http://svn.debian.org/wsvn/dep/web/deps/dep5.mdwn?op=file&rev=135
Name: realm
Maintainer: Kenneth Geisshirt <kg@realm.com>
Source: http://www.realm.com/

Copyright: 2011-2013 Realm <info@realm.com>
License: RLMLicense

License: RLMLicense

Realm Evaluation License Agreement.

By downloading the Realm software, you are agreeing to be bound by
and are becoming a party to this evaluation license agreement
(“Agreement”). If you do not agree to all of the terms of this
agreement, do not proceed with download or installation. These terms
are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these
terms. If you has entered into a separate license agreement with
Realm for the product, the terms of such separate license agreement
shall govern your use of Realm technology.

(1) LICENSE & USE OF TECHNOLOGY. Subject to the terms of this
Agreement, Realm, Inc. (“Company”) hereby grants you (and only you)
a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable,
royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use the software that you are
about to download (“Software”) only in your organization and for
development, testing and evaluation purposes only. In no event shall
you be entitled to use the Technology in a production or commercial
environment under this Agreement. Company retains all right, title,
and interest in and to the Technology at all times.

(2) RESTRICTIONS. You may not, directly or indirectly: copy,
distribute, rent, lease, timeshare, operate a service bureau with, use
for the benefit of a third party, reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile, attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence
and organization of, or remove any proprietary notices from, the
Software. As between the parties, title, ownership rights, and
intellectual property rights in and to the Software, and any copies or
portions thereof, shall remain in Company and its suppliers or
licensors. You understand that Company may modify or discontinue
offering the Software at any time. The Software is protected by the
copyright laws of the United States and international copyright
treaties. This Agreement does not give you any rights not expressly
granted herein.

(3) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; CONTENT. As a condition to your use of the
Software, you represent, warrant and covenant that you will not use
the Software: (i) to infringe the intellectual property rights or
proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, of any third
party; (ii) to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or
regulation; (iii) to disseminate information or materials in any form
or format (“Content”) that is harmful, threatening, abusive,
harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or
otherwise objectionable under applicable laws; or (iv) to disseminate
any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
that may interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. You, not
Company, remain solely responsible for all Content that you upload,
post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in
connection with, the Software. You acknowledge that all Content that
you access using the Software is at your own risk and you will be
solely responsible for any damage to any party resulting therefrom.

(4) TERM. The Term of this Agreement will begin on the Date in which
the Software is downloaded and continue unless earlier terminated in
accordance with Section 9.

(5) INDEMNITY. You agree that Company shall have no liability
whatsoever for any use you or any third party make of the
Software. You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Company from
any and all damages, liability, costs, and expenses (including
attorney’s fees) arising from claims related to your use, and your
customers’ use, of the Software.

(6) WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. Company provides the software “as is” and
without warranty of any kind, and company hereby disclaims all express
or implied warranties, including without limitation warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, performance,
accuracy, reliability, and non-infringement. This disclaimer of
warranty constitutes an essential part of this agreement.

(7) SUPPORT AND UPGRADES. This Agreement does not entitle you to any
support, upgrades, patches, enhancements, or fixes for the Software
(collectively, “Support”). Any such Support for the Software that may
be made available by Company shall become part of the Software and
subject to this Agreement.

(8) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Under no circumstances and under no legal
theory, including, without limitation, tort, contract, strict
liability, or otherwise, shall company or its licensors, suppliers or
resellers be liable to you or any other person for any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of
goodwill, work stoppage, accuracy of results, computer failure or
malfunction, damages resulting from your use of the
software. Company’s liability for damages of any kind whatsoever
arising out of this agreement shall be limited to the greater of the
fees paid by you hereunder or $100.

(9) TERMINATION. You may terminate this Agreement and the license
granted herein at any time by destroying or removing from all
computers, networks, and storage media all copies of the
Software. Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted
herein immediately if you breach any provision of this Agreement. Upon
receiving notice of termination from Company you will destroy or
remove from all computers, networks, and storage media all copies of
the Software. Sections 2 and 5 through 11 shall survive termination of
this Agreement.

(10) EXPORT CONTROLS. You shall comply with all export laws and
restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United
States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control
(“OFAC”), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and
not to export, or allow the export or re-export of the Software in
violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By
downloading or using the Software, You are agreeing to the foregoing
and You are representing and warranting that You are not located in,
under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted
country or on any such list.

(11) GOVERNMENT USE. If you are part of an agency, department, or
other entity of the United States Government (“Government”), the use,
duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or
transfer of the Software is restricted in accordance with the Federal
Acquisition Regulations as applied to civilian agencies and the
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as applied to
military agencies. The Software is a “commercial item,” “commercial
computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation.”
In accordance with such provisions, any use of the Software by the
Government shall be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement.

(12) MISCELLANEOUS. You shall comply with all applicable export laws,
restrictions and regulations in connection with your use of the
Software, and will not export or re-export the Software in violation
thereof. This Agreement is personal to you and you shall not assign or
transfer the Agreement or the Software to any third party under any
circumstances. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
concerning this license between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements and representations between them. It may be amended only by
a writing executed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement
is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed under California law as
such law applies to agreements between California residents entered
into and to be performed within California.

This Agreement was last revised on May 1, 2013.
